19:03 < Technicool> far be it from me

19:04 < johnmark> just pinged Eco

19:04 < Technicool> jm, my friend Eco said he will be able to make it

19:04 < johnmark> Technicool: your friend Eco? :) wait, who are you?

19:04 * lh assumed Technicool knew Eco's whereabouts

19:04 < Technicool> he realizes you don't know this is him since how
could the word "cool" ever be associated with Eco?

19:04 < johnmark> LOL

19:04 < lh> johnmark, shhhh. you're making our secret superhero divulge
his identity.

19:04 < johnmark> Technicool: you should have kept me going ;)

19:04 < johnmark> ok! well then, we have quorum

19:05 < johnmark> so, first thing: why are we here?

19:05 < johnmark> we're here to discuss docs, web site, mailing lists,
etc.

19:05 < johnmark> docs includes some new hotness from Technicool, plus
some other new hotness that will be coming from Technicool

19:06 * Technicool shuffles feet

19:06 < johnmark> let's tackle docs first.

19:06 < Technicool> its not that hot yet

19:06 < johnmark> but it will be!

19:06 < Technicool> but potential should be evident

19:06 < johnmark> Technicool: cool :)

19:06 < johnmark> Technicool: care to enlighten everyone here as to what
you've been working on?

19:06 < jdarcy> OK, my interest is piqued. What kind of hotness?

19:06 < Technicool> http://www.gluster.org/?p=1189&preview=true is the
first, monolithic draft of a new user guide

19:06 < johnmark> jdarcy: wrong channel ;)

19:07 < hagarth> 404?

19:07 < Technicool> hmm

19:07 < johnmark> "page not found"

19:07 < Technicool> moment

19:07 < Technicool> demanding people with your "it should work" mandates

19:07 < Technicool> http://www.gluster.org/?p=1189

19:08 * Technicool crossed fingers

19:08 < jdarcy> At least I didn't get "transport is not connected"

19:08 < Technicool> jdarcy for the win

19:08 < lh> Technicool, Still 404s for me, sir.

19:08 < Technicool> well, thats fun

19:08 * semiosis too

19:08 < johnmark> Technicool: just copy and paste into
http://www.gluster.org/community/documentation/index.php?title=QuickStart&action=edit&redlink=1

19:08 < hagarth> jdarcy: I would have preferred to see ENOTCONN ;)

19:09 < johnmark> haha

19:09 < johnmark> >

19:09 < semiosis> Technicool: where can i file a bug?

19:09 < Technicool> semiosis, i found the issue

19:09 < Technicool> my browser is only 63 bit

19:09 < Technicool> try again

19:10 < semiosis> you're one bit short of a dqword

19:10 < johnmark> *sigh*

19:10 < jdarcy> Woo, hotness.

19:10 < Technicool> wait, did i publish the wrong pae?

19:10 < semiosis> er, qword

19:11 * Technicool blushes

19:11 < Technicool> so, can be seen now or not

19:11 < johnmark> w00t -
http://www.gluster.org/2012/08/gluster-new-user-guide/

19:11 < johnmark> yup

19:11 < hagarth> Technicool: cool it is

19:11 < Technicool> i wasnt going to tell you all this, but im kind of a
big deal

19:11 < johnmark> :)

19:11 < johnmark> Technicool: so this is great.

19:11 < johnmark> Technicool: how much more is needed?

19:12 < johnmark> ie. - this is the part where you get people to help
you :)

19:12 * semiosis grumbles something about elastic ips

19:12 < Technicool> so, what is left really is chunking this up into
easier to eat pieces

19:12 < johnmark> ok

19:12 < Technicool> and we have some attendant docs that dont actually
exist yet

19:12 < johnmark> Technicool: right

19:12 * jdarcy will give it a more thorough look-see in the morning.

19:13 < Technicool> so, we will want to have things like a best
practices guide, with stubs for best practice in AWS (thanks semiosis),
bare metal, and vm's

19:13 < johnmark> Technicool: cool

19:13 < Technicool> dan allen also asked for this to be broken down into
a quick deploy guide, that only encompasses a single use case, for
someone to get through in a lunch break

19:13 < johnmark> semiosis: I think you were nominated

19:14 < semiosis> johnmark: i already contributed :P

19:14 < johnmark> Technicool: yup. speaking of, where is mojavelinux?

19:14 < Technicool> lol the thanks was for his feedback on best
practices

19:14 < johnmark> semiosis: heh :)

19:14 < semiosis> hence teh grumbl0rz

19:14 < Technicool> he said ONLY use internal ip4

19:14 < johnmark> semiosis: ah! well, then - thanks :)

19:14 < semiosis> my pleasure as always 19:14 < johnmark> Technicool: so
+1 to bite-size chunks 19:14 * Technicool kids 19:15 < semiosis>
Technicool: lol 19:15 < johnmark> Technicool: what do you need from us
to help make that happen? 19:15 < jdarcy> I'm trying to remember
interesting twists for deploying on Rackspace, Storm, or Linode, but
can't think of any right now. 19:15 < Technicool> nothing, that part is
just a matter of wading through....if anyone can put forward a good way
to split up the pages via media wiki i am all ears 19:16 < johnmark>
Technicool: yeah, I think we need to move this to the wiki for editing
purposes 19:16 < semiosis> +1 to dan's use-cases 19:16 < semiosis> that
seems like a good top-down organization 19:17 < Technicool> ack 19:17 <
johnmark> I think it's awesome. and this can be the basis for other docs
based on it 19:17 < Technicool> yes 19:17 < johnmark> from
quick-quickstart to specific use cases 19:17 < jdarcy> Maybe I can get
Ben to collaborate on a step-by-step Tuning 101. 19:17 < Technicool>
once quickstart guides are in place, we can move on to more advanced,
but still standard, use cases 19:18 < johnmark> Technicool: excellent
19:18 < Technicool> jdarcy, that would be great 19:18 < johnmark>
jdarcy: great idea 19:18 < Technicool> at the bottom of the article is a
kernel tuning post from y4m4 19:18 < Technicool> ben chimed in on it
19:18 < johnmark> Technicool: yeah, I'm wondering if anything has
changed since then 19:18 < johnmark> either in Glusterland or kernel
land 19:18 < Technicool> but something that is written by ben in detail
would be a huge boon 19:18 < johnmark> Technicool: ++ 19:18 < jdarcy>
Nothing fancy, just basic benchmarking and obvious tweaks. 19:19 <
johnmark> I've spoken to him about that, and he was open to it 19:19 <
johnmark> I'll revisit that with him 19:19 < Technicool> jdarcy, just
getting a normalized use case for those sorts of things would be great
19:19 < Technicool> then when users go off into left field, you can just
reference the handy community guide as the standard 19:19 < johnmark>
ok, so there's quickstart, runbook, use cases, and tuning - then we turn
to getting the docs into the releases 19:19 < Technicool> any deviations
are at the users own discretion and responsibility 19:19 < Technicool>
johnmark, last thing would be how-to's 19:20 < johnmark> Technicool: ok
19:20 < Technicool> for troubleshooting, and for implementing things
like backend network, which comes up in channel often 19:20 < johnmark>
so to get these docs bundled into the source tree and downloadable bits,
we need to figure out the best way to do that 19:20 < jdarcy> Um,
$git_tree/docs maybe? 19:21 < johnmark> at the moment, the docs team
uses publican - do we want to go the publican route, or use something
else? 19:21 < johnmark> jdarcy: right :) question is, how, what format,
etc etc 19:21 < johnmark> hrm.... too bad joejulian can't make it - I
think he was working on a Publican brand 19:21 < jdarcy> Honestly, if we
just put PDFs there it would still be an improvement. 19:21 <
Technicool> jdarcy, the only concern i have is whether that is
transparent to the end user? 19:21 < johnmark> Technicool: right, they
would have to be in some stage of completeness in order to make
thathappen 19:22 < johnmark> jdarcy: true... 19:22 < Technicool>
integrating to git in a sneaky way that doesn't force users to have to
learn git would be ideal imho 19:22 < semiosis> i'm scared of running
git diff on a pdf 19:22 < johnmark> semiosis: yup 19:22 < semiosis>
markdown 19:22 < semiosis> it's my new favorite markup 19:22 < johnmark>
semiosis: do you have any recommendations? we don't need anything fancy
- yet 19:22 < johnmark> semiosis: and then how do you format it into
something nice? 19:23 < johnmark> semiosis: or maybe render is a better
word choice there 19:23 < semiosis> markdown is a minimalist markup
language that looks great raw and is made to be "rendered" into stylish
html/css 19:23 < johnmark> semiosis: ok 19:23 < Technicool> markdown is
the right word i think 19:23 < jdarcy> I'd be cool with Markdown, but if
we're generating content on a wiki is there an an accurate conversion
from that markup to markdown? 19:23 < johnmark> jdarcy: ding ding 19:24
< Technicool> jdarcy, pandoc, according to yum 19:24 < Technicool> i
havent run yum info yet, so, gimme a minute here... ;) 19:24 < johnmark>
Technicool: can someone test this? 19:25 < johnmark> because if we don't
have anything automagical, we can do some old school copy/pasting into
an authoring tool 19:25 < jdarcy> Technicool: OK. I'll give it a whirl
and report back. 19:25 < hagarth> all markdown in $git/docs/markdown?
19:25 < johnmark> and export to the git repo 19:25 < johnmark> hagarth:
that's a possibility 19:25 < johnmark> is there any linkage between
markdown and docbook and related tools? 19:25 < johnmark> semiosis: I
think I meant that for you 19:25 < Technicool> until about 20 minutes
before this meeting i hadn't heard of markdown, found it on accident
myself 19:25 < Technicool> so, assuming someone has a test page for it,
i can hack at it like a champ 19:26 < jdarcy> I'd suggest markdown in
git, then process into html as part of the build/package process. 19:26
< johnmark> Technicool: sounds good 19:26 < johnmark> jdarcy: ++ 19:26 <
semiosis> johnmark: i dont know 19:26 < Technicool> otherwise, i have to
hack at the test page first ;) 19:26 < johnmark> semiosis: ok 19:26 <
semiosis> jdarcy: +1 19:26 < johnmark> ok, so that's one option 19:26 <
johnmark> the other option would be to develop a publican brand and go
that route. or, if our data framework is flexible enough, we can use the
same ur-text for both 19:27 < hagarth> jdarcy: sounds good 19:27 <
semiosis> pdurbin recommended ikiwiki, but i've not had a chance to play
with that yet 19:27 < jdarcy> IIRC, at least some wikis have plugins to
use markdown as their native markup. 19:27 < johnmark> but I have a
preference for whatever is simplest and gets something accomplished
quickly 19:27 < semiosis> anyone heard of that? ikiwiki? 19:27 <
johnmark> semiosis: ok 19:27 < johnmark> semiosis: never 19:27 < jdarcy>
I've use tikiwiki, but not ikiwiki. 19:27 < Technicool> semiosis, yes,
in the same timeframe that i found out about markdown 19:27 < lh>
johnmark, i've used it, it's OK 19:27 * lh is a bigger fan of markdown
tbh 19:28 < johnmark> jdarcy: good to know. I'll look at mediawiki
export tools 19:28 < johnmark> lh: cool 19:28 < jdarcy> Especially since
GitHub picked it up, markdown has become an almost-standard. 19:28 <
johnmark> ok! so we have consensus on doing pushing markdown formatted
docs into github/docs/markdown 19:28 < johnmark> jdarcy: ah, didn't know
that. good point 19:28 < semiosis> jdarcy: yeah if we include .md in
source, it will look awesome when ppl browse github! 19:29 < semiosis>
that's a big + imho 19:29 < johnmark> semiosis: excellent 19:29 <
johnmark> Technicool: want to give it a spin? 19:29 * Technicool agrees
with semiosis 19:29 < johnmark> Technicool: I can look at mediawiki
export tools for markdown. surely there's something 19:29 < Technicool>
im working on it as we speak 19:29 * hagarth t 19:29 < johnmark>
Technicool: niiiice 19:29 < johnmark> ok. anything else re: docs? 19:29
< Technicool> not trying to be intentionally rude,mind you 19:30 <
semiosis> here's a sample of a github repo with README.md in the project
root: https://github.com/semiosis/puppet-gluster 19:30 < johnmark> :)
19:30 < semiosis> fwiw 19:30 < johnmark> hagarth: yes? 19:30 < semiosis>
headings, links, numbered & bullleted lists 19:30 < semiosis> thats
about it :) 19:30 < johnmark> semiosis: simplicity is a good thing. it's
a feature, not a bug 19:30 < hagarth> johnmark: i meant to say I agree
with semiosis but too got truncated to 't' ;) 19:30 < semiosis> one
thing idk about though is inter-page links & anchors 19:30 < johnmark>
hagarth: haha ok :) 19:31 < johnmark> semiosis: cross that bridge when
we get to it? 19:31 < jdarcy> https://github.com/jdarcy/negative-lookup
is an example of how github renders it. 19:31 < johnmark> jdarcy: cool
19:31 < jdarcy> Emphasis, italics, I think blockquotes. 19:31 <
johnmark> as for content itself - anyone have more ideas on docs we can
start on? 19:32 < johnmark> there's also this mini-project that semiosis
launched at Summit - http://community.gluster.org/t/docathon/ 19:32 <
semiosis> johnmark: brick naming 19:32 < johnmark> would be great if
someone can use those as the beginning of tips + tricks 19:32 <
johnmark> semiosis: cool 19:32 < jdarcy> Should I assume that developer
docs are a separate topic? 19:32 < johnmark> jdarcy: yes - was just
getting to that 19:33 < hagarth> it would be great if we can pay more
attention to correctness of content in $git/docs too 19:33 < Technicool>
semiosis, i was thinking all of those types of things could be
encompassed in the best practices section 19:33 < semiosis> hagarth: +1
19:33 < Technicool> jdarcy, seperate topic but wanted to touch on that
tonight if we have time 19:33 < johnmark> Technicool: yup 19:33 <
semiosis> Technicool: indeed, and best practices should be used in the
examples quickie examples too (i'm looking at you, server1:/exp1) 19:34
< johnmark> semiosis: and Technicool: so can you guys come up with a
plan for that? 19:34 < johnmark> or just start doing it. either way :)
19:34 < semiosis> in theory, yes 19:35 < johnmark> ok. I think we have
enough there to go on. I would like to move on to dev docs 19:35 <
semiosis> actually, one more thing 19:35 < Technicool> jm, i can drive
the mini guides for the time being, semiosis can critique and add s time
allows 19:35 < johnmark> semiosis: shoot 19:35 < semiosis> Technicool:
sounds good 19:35 < johnmark> Technicool: ok, cool 19:35 < semiosis> git
19:35 < johnmark> semiosis: yes? 19:36 < semiosis> imho the glusterfs
source code workflow is not a great fit for dogs 19:36 < semiosis> heh
19:36 < semiosis> docs 19:36 < semiosis> gerrit & all that, kwim? 19:36
< johnmark> semiosis: that is something we've been trying to figure out
19:36 < johnmark> this is why I wanted to make sure hagarth was here :)
19:36 < semiosis> maybe a github repo for docs we can pull from into the
glusterfs source 19:37 * Technicool wonders if Balmers "DEVELOPERS" rant
is trademarked or if we can use that to steer devs to their own portion
of the site.... 19:37 < semiosis> so i can fork glusterfs-docs on
github, send a pull request, like regular github workflow 19:37 <
johnmark> hagarth: can you comment here? the criteria for accepting docs
patches should be a different standard from code 19:37 < johnmark>
semiosis: ok 19:37 < hagarth> semiosis: Wouldn't gerrit be convenient
for reviewing docs too? 19:38 < johnmark> hagarth: true. having a review
built into the workflow could be valuable 19:38 < semiosis> in theory,
yes 19:38 < hagarth> I have found quality of reviews being better once
we switched to gerrit 19:38 < johnmark> semiosis: :) 19:39 < johnmark>
Technicool: want to give it a spin? + patches? 19:39 < jdarcy> Using the
same tools might be nice, but a separate project and therefore a
separate review queue might be a good idea too. 19:39 < johnmark>
Technicool: sorry - stupid arrow keys 19:39 < johnmark> jdarcy: godo
point 19:39 < johnmark> er good point 19:40 < jdarcy> I think we can
even have multiple projects that feed into the same underlying git repo.
19:40 < Technicool> johmmark, sorry didn't follow, give which piece a
spin? 19:40 < johnmark> Technicool: scratch that. dumb IRC mistake 19:40
< hagarth> jdarcy: yes, that's a possibility 19:40 < johnmark>
Technicool: didn't mean to send that 19:41 < Technicool> ah, gotcha
19:41 < johnmark> jdarcy: how would this work? does this mean we would
need a separate gerritt environment? 19:41 < jdarcy> johnmark: Gerrit
already has a built-in concept of projects, which we've used e.g. for
the management console and regression before. 19:41 < johnmark> jdarcy:
ah, ok 19:42 < jdarcy> So you can just add a filter for a certain
project, and see only patches for that project. 19:42 < johnmark>
hagarth: if we can use our existing environment, then that's a plus. are
there any potential gotchas? things that can screw up? 19:42 < johnmark>
because from that description, sounds like it's relatively simple 19:42
< hagarth> johnmark: nothing that I can think of, the setup is a bit
dirty but can be done 19:43 < johnmark> hagarth: hacking is a dirty
business ;) 19:43 < jdarcy> At least we don't need to worry about
Jenkins integration on this part. 19:43 < johnmark> jdarcy: exactly
19:43 < johnmark> jdarcy: do I hear you volunteering to help with setup?
19:43 < hagarth> right, no Jenkins would be necessary 19:44 * johnmark
looks at jdarcy 19:44 * semiosis looks at jenkins 19:44 < johnmark> lulz
19:44 < jdarcy> johnmark: I'd be willing, but not sure how much I could
help. I've not set up gerrit before. 19:44 < johnmark> jdarcy: ok.
neither have I. 19:45 * semiosis has set up github repos 19:45 <
johnmark> if there are no volunteers, I'll have to ask hagarth to help,
with one caveat 19:45 < jdarcy> I also don't have access to that machine
at present, but I'd guess that's fixable. 19:46 < johnmark> hagarth: you
have to walk someone through the process so that we can have multiple
people who know how to set this up 19:46 < semiosis> imho gerrit
workflow has more overhead than it is worth at this point 19:46 <
semiosis> setup + ongoing 19:46 < johnmark> semiosis: as in, would be an
impediment to getting people to work on docs? 19:46 < jdarcy> semiosis:
Would you prefer github pull requests? 19:46 < semiosis> johnmark:
precisely 19:46 < semiosis> jdarcy: as a contributor, yes i think so
19:47 < johnmark> semiosis: it doesn't matter what we use, as long as we
have a workflow that's simple, easy to folow, and accelerates the number
of people working on docs 19:47 < semiosis> is it possible to transition
into gerrit gradually, instead of putting that as a blocker in front of
starting? 19:47 < semiosis> s/gradually/eventually/ 19:47 < johnmark>
semiosis: fair point. I also don't want to be dependent on github-only
services 19:48 < johnmark> ok 19:48 < johnmark> so 19:48 < hagarth>
johnmark: sure, I can walk someone through the process of setting up a
gerrit project. 19:48 < johnmark> hagarth: ok. thanks. 19:48 < johnmark>
semiosis: can you map out what a good first step would look like? 19:49
< Technicool> johnmark, if ease of use is the key (and i think it is),
then i think we need to find a good way to do the work for the user,
that doesnt force the maintenance overhead semiosis mentioned, if such a
thing exists 19:49 < johnmark> Technicool: good point 19:49 < johnmark>
semiosis: and then send to the -infra list for discussion? 19:49 <
jdarcy> Could we provisionally allow submission via pull request while
hagarth and I mind-meld re: gerrit? 19:49 < Technicool> so, something
via a browser directly from the site, that does all the messy bits for
the user 19:49 < jdarcy> (We have an infra list?) 19:49 < johnmark>
jdarcy: we do as of today :) 19:50 < Technicool> those who know how to
use it can use their own environment 19:50 < johnmark> jdarcy: would you
like to be subscribed? 19:50 < johnmark> Technicool: correct 19:50 <
jdarcy> johnmark: Sure. 19:50 < johnmark> Technicool: so, that's
something we want to create, but not sure we want it to be a blocker
19:50 < johnmark> for getting started 19:50 < Technicool> johnmark,
agreed 19:50 < johnmark> Technicool: but yes, I'm all for a
browser-based thing that makes docs hacking much easier 19:51 <
Technicool> but long term, asking users to start using git is a huge
barrier to contribution 19:51 < johnmark> Technicool: agreed 19:51 <
jdarcy> Generally the github method still requires basic git knowledge.
Not sure what we can reasonably do that's lighter-weight than that,
unless we just want to say the checked-in docs are snapshots of the wiki
versions. 19:51 < johnmark> jdarcy: not knowing how pull requests work,
can you walk me through it, from a submitter's PoV? 19:51 < Technicool>
jdarcy, i was thinking more along the lines of directly interacting with
git via the site 19:52 < semiosis> github provides web-based editors for
markdown 19:52 * Technicool would like to know more about git than git
grep as well 19:52 < semiosis> you can fork, edit, and send a pull
request all in the browser afaik 19:52 < jdarcy> Technicool: I suppose
it's possible, but I don't know of any tools to do so. We'd probably
have to do that scripting ourselves. 19:52 < johnmark> semiosis:
interesting 19:53 < johnmark> I want to be very careful about going down
the route of just using GitHub-specific services 19:53 < jdarcy> Fork
(parent to own github repo), clone (github repo to local), edit, push
(to own on github), pull request (to parent). 19:53 < johnmark> I think
a rule here would be good - whatever we use in GitHub must be able to be
easily replicated w/o github.com 19:54 < johnmark> I don't want to be
married to github.com, should the day come where they turn Evil (tm)
19:55 < semiosis> think of it like dating then 19:55 < johnmark> so we
have a first step - we'll format docs in markdown, forego Gerritt (for
now - will wait for jdarcy and hagarth), and try to make it as simple as
possible for docs contributors to use git tools 19:55 < johnmark> and
think about baking in a review process, as well as some easier-to-use
web frontends 19:56 < jdarcy> How about this? Normal contributors just
edit the wiki. Team members periodically pull from the wiki and push the
results to gerrit as a final check, with the post-review result landing
in git(hub). 19:56 < johnmark> sound like a plan? 19:56 * Technicool
thinks, "if i think of it like dating, then, github won't go out with me
on Friday?" 19:56 < johnmark> LOL 19:56 < johnmark> jdarcy: sounds like
a plan. that way, not everyone has to learn git foo, unless they really
want 19:56 < Technicool> jdarcy, im looking into whether any tools for
automation exist 19:56 < johnmark> can anyone give jdarcy a +1? 19:57 <
Technicool> ill see you a +1 and raise you a what what 19:57 < johnmark>
semiosis: holler "we want prenup!" 19:57 < johnmark> Technicool: heh :)
19:57 < hagarth> jdarcy: +2 :) 19:57 < johnmark> ok! I think we have a
plan 19:57 < johnmark> dammit, we're almost at the end. 19:58 <
johnmark> there's a lot to cover wrt gluster.org web infrastructure, so
I propose we cover that next week 19:58 < jdarcy> What else can we
discuss in two minutes? ;) 19:58 < johnmark> ha 19:58 < johnmark> I
suggest that, if you havent' already, everyone here join
gluster-infra@gluster.org 19:59 < johnmark> you know the drill -
gluster-infra-request 19:59 * jdarcy is keeping a wary eye on blog
traffic from HN. 19:59 < johnmark> oh! one quick thing 19:59 < johnmark>
we have a collection of bits and pieces relevant to devs 19:59 <
johnmark> some from jdarcy 19:59 < johnmark> and some from dougw - which
you can find at
http://www.gluster.org/community/documentation/index.php/Dougw:A_Newbie%27s_Guide_to_Gluster_Internals
20:00 < hagarth> most from jdarcy would be more appropriate ;) 20:00 <
johnmark> jdarcy: if you could outline soem of the things you've written
re: translators, xattrs, AFR and DHT 20:00 < johnmark> hagarth: haha! ;)
20:00 < Technicool> im telling doug you said that 20:01 < Technicool>
hes gonna be just....just crushed 20:01 < johnmark> Technicool: shhhh...
you will do no such thing 20:01 < johnmark> Technicool: we like hagarth
:) 20:01 < Technicool> hagarth is the best 20:01 < semiosis> +1 20:01 <
hagarth> Technicool: I got into this meeting only after johnmark assured
that there would be 20:01 < jdarcy> Well, there's the four parts of
Translator 101, two or three articles each on AFR and DHT, a fairly
popular one on xattrs. 20:01 < johnmark> hagarth: I got your back 20:02
< Technicool> hagarth, i was suprised that you showed up even though you
knew i was gonna be here ;) 20:02 < johnmark> jdarcy: if we could post
that in the dev section of the wiki, that would be a pretty good start
20:02 < Technicool> or did jm not tell you....so tricky! 20:02 <
johnmark> jdarcy: and we'll go from there 20:02 < jdarcy> I could drop
those into the wiki with some light manual markup conversion. 20:03 <
johnmark> jdarcy: excellent, smithers 20:03 < johnmark> ok! we should
probably adjourn until next week. 20:03 < johnmark> if someone prefers a
different time, propose it on teh list 20:03 < johnmark> otherwise, see
you next week, same bat time, same bat channel 20:04 < jdarcy> See ya!
20:04 < johnmark> jdarcy: laterz 20:04 < Technicool> seacrest, out 20:04
< semiosis> goodnight 20:04 < johnmark> semiosis: thanks! 21:52 <
JoeJulian> Publican bits are in my github fork. I haven't gone through
everything, but it should be good enough to build docs with. I want to
go through all the branding stuff and make sure none of it's Red Hat's
before I push it into gerrit.
